Add info about new points/shapes layer button behavior (#943)
napari/docs: docs/getting_started/viewer.md

### Create Layer buttons

![layer buttons with visual indicator from selected layers](../_static/images/layer-buttons.png)

New empty `Points`, `Shapes`, and `Labels` layers can be added to the viewer using the layer buttons between the layer controls and layer list. This is equivalent to, for example, the following code to make an empty `Points` layer:

```python
viewer.add_points()
```

```{admonition} Tip: New layer button behavior
---
class: tip

> ---

Reviewer: I believe you can just use:
````{tip}`
(3 backtick, {tip})

Author: Interesting, I was just looking at https://github.com/TimMonko/docs/blob/5938867e00e40eecac4de8036004bef5c209dbfc/docs/getting_started/viewer.md#L116-L120
which used this format. But it does seem like you are correct for myst admonitions https://mystmd.org/guide/admonitions#admonition-titles

Maybe as silly of a reason as it is, the vscode extension MyST-Markdown at least properly renders the format I used, but butchers this syntax. Not that such should be the driving factor

(I'm having trouble building the docs because of all our changes to pydantic, I think)

Reviewer: Im not sure which is more proper 😬

Reviewer 2: The tip looks rendered fine to me on the built docs so I'm gonna merge but maybe @melissawm can tell us what the preferred formatting is for the admonitions? I've always used the backticky one

Creating a new points or shapes layer with the layer buttons will inherit the dimensions and scale of the selected layer(s), as shown by the highlight around the buttons.

> To create layers that inherit the full dimensions and mixed scale of all the layers in the layer list, select/deselect all layers.

Reviewer: Minor clarification -- that's assuming I understand the behavior correctly (i've not used it much!).
```suggestion
To create layers that inherit the full dimensions and mixed scale of all the layers in the layer list, either select all layers or ensure no layers are selected.
```

Author: You are correct, and I believe that is better wording, thanks!
